feat: implement user lifecycle (#85)
rework-space-com/terraform-provider-freeipa: docs/resources/user.md

---
page_title: "freeipa_user Resource - freeipa"
description: |-
  FreeIPA User resource. The user lifecycle is managed with the attributes:
  
  account_staged
  account_preserved
  (defaults to active)
  An active user can be preserved.

>   A user can bestaged only at the user's creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A user can be staged only at the user's creation.
```

Author: Fixed with the next commit
